Add new bounty and audits in progress (#1516)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole: SECURITY.md

## Bug Bounty Program

> The Wormhole project operates two bug bounty programs to financially incentivize independent researchers to find and responsibly disclose security issues in Wormhole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wormhole project operates two bug bounty programs to financially incentivize independent researchers for finding and responsibly disclosing security issues.
```

Here's a list of strategies that are helpful for getting started on Wormhole:

- Review the existing unit and integration testing (found in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole/blob/dev.v2/CONTRIBUTING.md)) and see what is already being testing for.
  - Check out places where there might be missing test coverage entirely. This could be a ripe spot to look for something we missed.
  - Check out places where there are unit/integration tests, but they lack sufficient [negative test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_testing) coverage.
- Review different smart contract implementations (eg. Solana, EVM, CosmWasm, Move) and attempt to understand how and why they are different.
  - Does one chain have a safety check that another chain doesn't?
  - Does one chain have a specific set of nuances / gotchas that that were missed on another chain?
- Consider going beyond the source code
  - Review the deployed contracts on chain. Is something odd that may have been missed?

> This section will continue to iterate on white-hat bootstrap strategies as lessons are learned hacking on Wormhole and from other white-hat community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will continue iterating on white-hat bootstrap strategies as lessons are learned hacking on Wormhole and from community members.
```

Redundant use of `white-hat` is redundant.

> It's important to remember this is an iterative process and stay positive. If you spend the time to come up with a new test case, but didn't actually find a bug, please send a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) with additional positive and negative test cases. This process has shown repeatedly to improve your ability to understand Wormhole, and will increase your odds of finding future bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to remember this is an iterative process and to stay positive. If you spend the time coming up with a new test case, but didn't actually find a bug, please send a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) with additional positive and negative test cases. This process has shown repeatedly to improve your ability to understand Wormhole, and will increase your odds of finding future bugs.
```

- The Wormhole team has sufficient contact information and an associated call or page tree to reach you in the event of a security incident.
- That Wormhole has the full upgrade authority on relevant bridge contracts to act quickly in the case of a security incident.
- You have an established incident response program in place, with established patterns and playbooks to ensure deterministic outcomes for containment.

> - When security issues do occur, that the chain makes every attempt to inform affected parties and leads with transparency.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't make sense. Was it supposed to say something like this?
```suggestion
- When security issues do occur, please make sure that the chain makes every attempt to inform affected parties and leads with transparency.
```
